Document INSERT and the addition of & to CREATE and MERGE (#867)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/clauses/create.adoc

CREATE (charlie:Person:Actor {name: 'Charlie Sheen'}), (oliver:Person:Director {name: 'Oliver Stone'})
----

> Multiple labels can also be separated by `&`, in the same manner as it is used in xref:patterns/reference.adoc#label-expressions[label expressions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple labels can also be separated by an ampersand `&`, in the same manner as it is used in xref:patterns/reference.adoc#label-expressions[label expressions].
```

> Multiple labels can also be separated by an ampersand `&`, in the same manner as it is used in xref:patterns/reference.adoc#label-expressions[label expressions].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of Neo4j 5.17, multiple labels can also be separated by an ampersand `&`, in the same manner as it is used in xref:patterns/reference.adoc#label-expressions[label expressions].
```

> Separation by colon and `&` cannot be mixed in the same query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Separation by colon `:` and ampersand `&` cannot be mixed in the same query.
```

> Separation by colon `:` and ampersand `&` cannot be mixed in the same query.

Reviewer 2: is it the same query or the same clause?

for example, would this be allowed:

```
CREATE (charlie:Person&Actor {name: 'Charlie Sheen'}),
MATCH (charlie)
CREATE (charlie)-[:LOVES]->(oliver:Person:Director {name: 'Oliver Stone'})
```

(ampersand in the first CREATE clause, colon in the second CREATE clause)

Author: Good catch! It is actually per clause and not query

.Query
[source, cypher, indent=0]
----
CREATE (charlie:Person&Actor {name: 'Charlie Sheen'}), (oliver:Person&Director {name: 'Oliver Stone'})
----

> Both the above queries creates two nodes, bound to the variables `charlie` and `oliver`, each with a `Person` label and a `name` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of the above queries create two nodes, bound to the variables `charlie` and `oliver`, each with a `Person` label and a `name` property.
```

Properties set: 4
|===

[[insert-as-synonym-of-create]]
== `INSERT` as a synonym of `CREATE`

> `INSERT` can be used as a synonym to `CREATE` for creating nodes and relationships.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of Neo4j 5.17,  `INSERT` can be used as a synonym to `CREATE` for creating nodes and relationships.
```

> `INSERT` requires that multiple labels are separated by an ampersand `&` and not by colon `:`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, `INSERT` requires that multiple labels are separated by an ampersand `&` and not by colon `:`.
```

.Query
[source, cypher, indent=0]
----

> INSERT (tom:Person&Actor&Director {name: 'Tom Hanks'})

Reviewer 2: @recrwplay i noticed that in the code block for this line in the output HTML only "Person" is highlighted blue, but not "Actor" nor "Director". how can we fix that?

![Screenshot from 2024-01-26 16-13-31](https://github.com/neo4j/docs-cypher/assets/156673635/faa827f7-89b4-4b17-9125-76f716559b40)

Reviewer 3: We use `highlightjs` with `highlightjs-cypher` for the highlighting, but if this is new syntax it won't be aware of it yet.

----

> Creates a node, bound to the variable `tom`, with the labels `Person`, `Actor` and `Director` and a `name` property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creates a node, bound to the variable `tom`, with the labels `Person`, `Actor`, and `Director` and a `name` property.
```

Properties set: 4
|===

[[insert-as-synonym-of-create]]

> == `INSERT` as synonym of `CREATE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== `INSERT` as a synonym of `CREATE`
```

`INSERT` can be used as a synonym to `CREATE` for creating nodes and relationships.

> While using `INSERT`, multiple labels must be separated by `&` and not by colon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`INSERT` requires that multiple labels are separated by an ampersand `&` and not by colon `:`.
```

.Query
[source, cypher, indent=0]
----

> INSERT (charlie:Person&Actor {name: 'Charlie Sheen'}), (oliver:Person&Director {name: 'Oliver Stone'})

Author: This is the same example as for CREATE, perhaps we want a more original one?

Reviewer: Yeah, think that would be nice :)

----

Creates two nodes, bound to the variables `charlie` and `oliver`, each with a `Person` label and a `name` property.

> The node representing Charlie Sheen also has the label `Actor` while the node representing Oliver Stone is assigned the label `Director`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node representing Charlie Sheen also has the label `Actor`, whilst the node representing Oliver Stone is assigned the label `Director`.
```
